Last Christmas ing direct and unicef
they wanted to help all the children without
schooling
for that we created an interactive short
that you saw on a web the monster point
org
and in which the users had a role
important to end the bad
He says
the short told the story of a
monster that was going around the world preventing
that the children went to school
there was only one way to kill him
the mobile phone
It's me
for this the user had to send a
sms choosing how he wanted to be
pounds of the monster
there were four different ways
his message reached the protagonists
of history and then it happened
to each sms meant also a
donation of one euro twenty to UNICEF
thanks to all the twitter people already
all the blogs that talked about us
our website was seen by more than 250,000
people and we raised 197 thousand euros to
It's a day
today they left